[Applause]
thank you very much I appreciate that
you got married since the last time you
were here I did to a foreigner to a
non-american not one man from England
English what is his name name is Tom
Thomas Thomas does he go by Thomas no he
goes by Tom well yeah because he goes by
Thomas and it's the English he becomes
the English muffin Thomas isn't with the
nukes and also the crannies oh yeah you
got the nukes you could do without but
you gotta have the cars going well with
that are you living like were you yeah
we live half the time in LA and half the
time in London England
I see uh-huh yeah they're all Canadians
here do you experience culture shock
going from Li Delin
I do there are some stereotypes about
England that are very true which ones
politeness okay let's start with that
that's a place I'm not gonna go into the
teeth and all of that yeah if you
honestly if you bump into somebody on
the street in England the person you
bumped into will apologise
oh is that polite that's nice it's
wonderful yeah wonderful her husband
like that also extremely polite yeah
excellent impeccable manners
oh very debonair but that's not what I
like about what is it what do you like I
like that he tends to get into like the
most embarrassing humiliating situations
on earth and when they occur in England
because of the polite society it's like
10 times better Oh
like what for example okay we were at
the theater do that in England nice it
was an intermission I was sat there in
our seats he was in the bathroom the loo
mm-hmm
and I'm just kind of soaking it in it
feels very classy I felt grown up for
the first time and maybe ever and then
he runs back to the sea he abruptly
returns he sits down next to me and I
look at him and he's just looking
straight ahead and he's pale like white
as a ghost covered in sweat so what's
going on and he said what are you okay
and he said something happened in the
bathroom like what what and he said that
he was at the urinal urinal oh yeah
right they say mm-hmm and then he
exhaled loudly took took a beat and he
knew I could see in his face that he
knew what he was about to tell me was
like a gift oh good and bring endless
joy forever to his evil American life
and he said that he was at the urinal
and he went to spit his gum into said
urinal which I had questions about yeah
well that doesn't know people don't he
said sometimes men do that man with
impeccable manners do not do that
wonderful hole in the story already so
he went to spit the gum but it got like
caught he said it got caught on my lip
and it tumbled down and then I followed
it with my eyes and almost as if it were
in slow motion
I saw it bounce off the man standing
next to his penis
[Applause]
yes babies like watched over me oh my
god this is like a Gaelic Christmas
thank you punched in the face and he
just said he apologized
[Applause]
were you able to continue with the play
that's good stuff this show you're on is
I love this idea because you're playing
well explain the character you're
playing I play Annie Wilkes who we know
you may have heard of her before she's
played by somebody else before mm-hmm
called Kathy Bates she may or may not
have won an Oscar for this role yes
nobody deserved it and you're playing
the younger like this it would this be
considered a prequel to Missouri yes it
would a prequel this is the Annie before
the misery we get to see well Annie
became Annie that's very true Wow and
have you spoken to Kathy Bates about
this no I haven't I've been asked this a
lot no no I don't know how to do that
well it's too late now yeah it's done
but you'll break your ankles you know is
it fun playing a crazy character it's
amazing but maybe there's something very
liberating about not having to worry
about being attractive in any way and
not like being subtle and just going
like huge bunkers by balls-out yeah yeah
going around
it's great to see you congratulations on
everything Lizzy Caplan everybody if you
liked that video click Subscribe and
we'll be together until one of us dies